**In some areas of the US, a 'curfew' is imposed, in which teenagers are not allowed to be out of doors after a particular time at night unless they are accompanied by an adult.**

**What is your opinion about this?**  
*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.*  
*Write at least 250 words.*  

Keeping in view the safety of the children, it sometimes become indispensable to impose certain restrictions. In light of this, I support the curfew which is enforced in areas of the United States under red alert that restricts teenagers from staying outdoors late till night without them being accompanied by an adult.  

In recent past, several cases of crime involving theft, kidnapping, molesting, child abuse, etc. have been reported in several localities around the globe. For instance, more than 500 cases of child rape have been reported in the last couple of years in India too. Moreover, cases involving child kidnapping have augmented over the past and it has been reported that these gangs are involved in activities like illegal organ selling, drug abuse, etc. Hence, it has become vital to impose a curfew to safeguard teenagers who are criminal's potential targets.

Besides this mandatory act of imposing restriction on teenagers to go outdoors after a particular time at night unattended by an adult, in my opinion, it is crucial that the concerned authority gears up and should not leave any stone unturned to arrest and abolish such gangs that are spreading threat to the citizens. There should be zero tolerance towards any inhumane activities leading to unhealthy environment. Police personnel should be deputed in masses to cover most areas to keep a good control over it.  

In the nutshell, though such restrictions quite often become essential to be enforced for the benefit of the society and should be obeyed by all, but at the same time, the government should put in every effort to eliminate negative and harmful elements from the country to make it a better and a safe place to live in.

*Note: Words 285 & 35 minutes*
