**Many working people get little or no exercise either during the working day or in their free time, and have health problems as a result.**  
**Why do many working people not get enough exercise?**  
**What can be done about this problem?**  
*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.*  
*Write at least 250 words*

Rapidly increasing technology resulting in digitalisation has made the life of most of the working people immobile. This alarming concern not only makes their routine monotonous but is also taking a toll on their health. Therefore, for the well-being of people, it has become essential to address this issue leading to augmented health problems.

On one hand, employers these days are emphasizing more on productivity in order to survive in the growing competition. Consequently, most employees are over-burdened and hence remain stressed. On the other hand, a rapid shift towards digitalisation has turned most of the physical and dynamic tasks static which has further impacted the health and habits of workers. Altogether, working people find the least time to look after their health and get little or no exercise. As a result of which, many health issues like cardiac arrests, obesity, diabetes, hypertension, etc. are being reported increasingly.

Keeping in view the evident consequences of negligence toward health, it has become crucial to turn things for good. Most importantly, employers should be alarmed and they should give due importance to the health and well-being of their employees. Frequent brakes as and when required should be allowed within busy working hours. Besides this, companies should make fitness rooms available for their employees to encourage them to exercise. Awareness programmes related to fitness should be conducted frequently by well-qualified trainers to enlighten and encourage workers to shift towards a healthy lifestyle.

Rightly said, health is wealth. In nutshell, people should give due importance to their health. Moreover, strict regulations should be enforced to make employers encourage a healthy working atmosphere in their companies to promote the well-being of all.

*Note: Words 277 & time 35 minutes*
