**Some people say that now we can see films on our phones or tablets there is no need to go to the cinema. Others say that to be fully enjoyed, films need to be seen in a cinema.**  
**Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.**  
*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.*  
*Write at least 250 words*   

Entertainment is a vital source of relaxation to break the monotonous routine. *And* watching a movie is an amazing way to enjoy and is liked by most of the individuals. With the advent of technology, good connectivity and easy access to mobiles and tablets by most people have made it convenient for them to ~~enjoy~~ **relish** films without going to the cinema while others still prefer to visit a cinema.

On one hand, some people find it economical and *convenient* **(handy/easy/more practical)** to ~~enjoy~~ **indulge** in a movie on their devices. As firstly, they can watch the film at the comfort of their home and at any time of the day. Moreover, they feel that they can have as many intervals as they wish to. Secondly, *people* (masses/individuals) find watching films on their personal gadgets more pocket friendly. On the other hand, there is another category of more enthusiast movie freaks who prefer watching a movie in a cinema despite all odds including heavily priced tickets. Physically visiting the theatres to relish the film completely on a large screen and along with the company of friends with amazing acoustics makes this a preferable choice for this group of people.

In my opinion, both platforms have their own charm. Some movies like action, horror, documentaries or thrillers are definitely more impactful when watched at the cinema halls. Moreover ***(Furthermore/On the top of that/Additionally/Besides)***, sometimes visiting out for a movie to break the boredom really works. While other regular movies can be enjoyed on phone more frequently at any convenient time.

In nutshell, the choice to watch a movie on a phone or at the cinema on a big screen lies on an individual. But, in the case of any particular film of choice or **on** some special occasion, one should definitely book a ticket to a show at the cinema to get a thrilling and memorable experience.

*Note*: Words 306 time 40 minutes
