**In many countries today, crime novels and TV crime dramas are becoming more and more popular.**  
**Why do you think these books and TV shows are popular?**  
**What is your opinion of crime fiction and TV crime dramas?**  
*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.*  
*Write at least 250 words*

In this era of stressful routine, entertainment and pursuing hobbies has become an indispensable source of relaxation. Consequently, many individuals are into reading novels or watching television dramas. Throughout the globe, it has been observed that the fame of crime-related novels and TV shows have been augmented in recent years. And it would be interesting to know the reason behind this increasing popularity.  

The foremost reason of the growing popularity of such books and dramas is the rising encounters of unlawful acts in the communities. Consequently, public has become more interested in referring such novels and TV shows out of excitement or for getting a deeper insight. One of the other major reasons of the surging fame of the fiction related to criminality is the rapidly shooting unemployment which is indirectly giving birth to free minds planning to attempt such illegal activities.  

In my opinion, such crime related shows and fiction can play a pivotal role in both encouraging and preventing the attempt of such acts simultaneously. Some evil minded people might generate ideas by referring such novels or shows. This would increase the occurrence of unlawful acts. On the contrary, if designed carefully, such shows and novels can highlight and convey a message to people about the bad consequences of such deeds. This approach can be instrumental in inhibiting crime in the society.  

In the nutshell, the augmenting popularity of crime novels and shows is due to increased number of such incidences in real. Hence, it is essential to structure such fictions and TV shows with utmost attention to prevent encouraging crime.  


*Note: Words 263*
