**The growth of online shopping will one day lead to all shops in towns and cities closing.**  
**Do you agree or disagree?**  
*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.*  
*Write at least 250 words*  

Rapidly augmenting digitalisation has given rise to a plethora of online shopping platforms. This has greatly influenced the local shops and has brought challenges for their successful business. I disagree with the fact that this advancement will lead to the shutting down of the outlets in towns but will definitely bring a revolution in terms of competition. 

On the brighter side, there are enormous pros of digital shopping as it offers huge discounts besides the comfort of purchasing goods from home. Moreover, such digital platforms enable a customer to choose from a wide variety of products. This has largely benefitted the consumers in terms of competitive prices, a wide range of items, convenience and much more. This revolution has led to the forced evolution of physical stores in the cities.

In spite of the abundant merits of digital shopping, the public loves to shop in the local showrooms due to several reasons. Firstly, purchasing things by feeling them physically has its own charm. Also, in case of an urgent requirement, a person cannot wait for the product to be delivered and hence the local stores prove to be approachable ins such cases. Furthermore, shopping in person provides relaxation to many and often acts as a stress buster. Secondly, the rise of e-shopping apps has led to many alterations in the facilities of the physical stores. This includes various discount offers, better quality and range, improved customer service and exchange policy. Lastly, a city without shops or convenience stores will look so dull and hence are indispensable for a community.

In the nutshell, albeit there are plenty of benefits of online platforms, but they can never replace the local physical stores completely. Outlets in towns have their irreplaceable advantages of being approachable and hence can never be replaced wholly.

*Note: Words 299 & 34 minutes*
