**Some people think it's better to choose friends who always have the same opinions as them. Other people believe it's good to have friends who sometimes disagree with them.**  
**Discuss both these views and give your own opinion**  
*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.*  
*Write at least 250 words*   

Friends are the vital part of life and should be chosen judiciously. There are some people who are inclined towards making friends with same opinions while there are others who believe that having pals with occasionally different point of view is good. Though, both perspectives are reasonable, but in my opinion I am more inclined towards the latter thought.

To begin with, having friends with similar thoughts make the situations convenient most of the times. While, different opinions between friends may lead to arguments leading to soaring of the relationship. Furthermore, companions having identical thoughts and opinions are often able to understand each other better. This is instrumental when one of the friends is going through a rough patch or facing any challenge.

On the other hand, people who believe in having friends who occasionally disagree with them have their side of story. They believe that in such cases they have two opposing thoughts which can lead to discussion resulting in a better and favourable decision. Moreover, they support the fact that having contradictory thoughts are essential among friends and dealing with them would result in making them better and mature persons.

In my opinion, true companions are not made intentionally, rather they meet each other automatically. Rightly said, opposites attract each other. Likewise, often persons with opposing thoughts are likely to become fastest of friends. This prevents individuals from making wrong decisions in their life and enables them to grow into mature and responsible persons.

In conclusion, friends are indispensable part of everyone's life and friendship should not be restricted just due to occasionally varying opinions. It is vital that friends are accepted originally as they are and should together become better individuals as their friendship grows.

*Note: Words 283, 33 minutes*
