**Some people say the main way to be happy in life is to have a lot of money.**   

**How might having a lot of money make people happy?**  

**What other things in life can make people happy?**  

*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.*  
*Write at least 250 words*  

Money is a vital resource and some people are of the opinion that having a lot of capital is the prime requirement of leading a joyful life. Albeit, money can definitely play an instrumental role in making people happy, but, there are other things in life too that are essential for happiness.

The basic requirements of life including food, shelter and clothing can be met by anyone earning a reasonable amount of money, but, having plenty of money definitely makes a difference. Most importantly, having sufficient money makes an individual content and secure of any unforeseen circumstances like medical emergencies. Moreover, luxuries of life including a lavish car, a big bungalow, branded clothes, extravagant vacations and much more can only be bought in case of surplus money, and this makes people happy.

Besides money, there are several other things that are essential for a quality life. The most important thing which people usually under-estimate is having a disease-free and healthy body. Usually, it is only when someone suffers that they realize, having a healthy body is no less than being wealthy. Another vital factor for leading a happy life is the family. It is essential to have harmony and love with family members, friends and people around. Togetherness is the only key to good mental health and is thus vital for a joyful life.

In conclusion, money is, undoubtedly, an essential component of life and having lot of it makes a difference in an individual's life. But, for happiness, there are other factors like having a sound health and harmony in the family, without which even money will be of no use.


*Note: 271 words, 37 minutes*
