**Many people work long hours, leaving very little time for leisure activities**   

**Does this situation have more advantages or more disadvantages?**  

*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.*  
*Write at least 250 words*    

Increased globalisation has led to masses becoming more ambitious and consequently, many people work extra hours, leaving negligible time for activities that give them leisure. There are both merits and demerits of this situation, but the latter definitely outweighs the former.

On the brighter side, working dedicatedly beyond the normal working hours helps an individual to prosper and achieve goals at workplace. This often leads to self-satisfaction and monetary gains. Furthermore, spending more time working leads to no room for an ideal mind which, thus, prevents unnecessary thoughts and issues such as depression.

On the contrary, there are several disadvantages of straining oneself beyond a certain limit by working long hours. Firstly, this often leads to no or limited time for activities essential for rejuvenation. Consequently, this often leads to fatigue and frustration in an individual. Secondly, poor work-life balance leads to insufficient time for family, and thus, leading to disharmony. This ultimately leads to undue stress leading to reduced concentration at work and deteriorated health.

Besides this, operating for long hours often take a toll on health. Many employees report a severe cervical pain after a prolonged sitting at workplace. Moreover, many jobs require the use of computers for long durations which further promotes sedentary lifestyle. This has resulted in issues such as obesity leading to severe medical issues like hypertension, cardiac problems, etc.

To conclude, it is essential to prioritize the demand's of one's career and that of the personal life to maintain a work-life balance. Albeit, there are merits of working hard for longer duration, but demerits on the other hand are more severe and should not be neglected for an individual's well-being.


*Note: Words 276, 43 minutes*
