**You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.**

**Many foods are shipped from far away. Some people think that eating local food is more environmentally and economically.  Do you think the advantages outweigh its disadvantages?**

*You should write at least 250 words*  

Increasing demand for exotic foods has led to augmented importing from distant places. Keeping in view the environmental as well as the economical factors into consideration, I believe that the merits of consuming local food definitely overpower its demerits.

Firstly, the increased market for local food products imposes a direct positive impact on the economical status of the local businesses. It provides a boost to the economy of the community. Secondly, locally available meals or food products are often priced less due to no extra cost of transportation or taxes. Lastly, local food items that are perishable are often reached fresh to the consumers without incorporating any preservatives or chemicals. Thus, eating food that is locally available is definitely a healthier option.

Albeit, the shipped food items may be exotic and more in demand, they are often highly-priced. Moreover, most of the food items being perishable include artificial preservatives to prevent rancidity. The use of such chemicals harms the environment besides compromising the health of the consumers. The application of harmful chemicals in food items enters into the food chain and results in issues like biological magnification. Furthermore, shipping the food items from distant places involves the consumption of fuels along with other resources leading to a negative impact on the environment.

In the nutshell, it becomes evident from the numerous merits that switching to the local food from the imported ones definitely proves to be a boon. It not only boosts up the local economy but also proves to be a healthier and sustainable option.  

*Note: Words 256*  


**Comments of examiner**: Write disadvantages of eating local food. Read question again.
