**Write about the following topic:**  
**In the future, more people will choose to go on holiday in their own country and not travel abroad on holiday.**
**Do you agree or disagree?**  
*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.*  
*Write at least 250 words.*  

Travelling has become a passion for many and people love to go on holidays both within and outside their country. Rapidly augmenting globalisation resulting in better facilities and economical airfares will most likely encourage masses to explore foreign countries more rather than just choosing places in their own country. So, I disagree that more people will prefer to go on vacations within their home country in future rather than travelling abroad.

In recent years, the rate of migration has surged drastically and this provides strong evidence to people's choice to explore the world. Moreover, today's youth is open to diverse cultures which shows no signs of decreasing in future. Besides relaxation, people go on holidays for many reasons including exploring cultures, trying different cuisines, meeting diverse people, enjoying different climates and many more. In order to accomplish this, choosing to travel to different countries remain at the top wish list of the masses.

Furthermore, the recent pandemic resulting in lockdown and travel restrictions in many countries obstructed the travel plans of many. But it has been observed globally that people across various countries are just waiting for the situation to come back to normal. It is rather expected that people, once allowed, are waiting to book their tickets and pursue their travel dreams. This is further evident from the travel that took place amidst the lockdown through special flights with multiplied fares.

In the nutshell, looking at the past and ongoing trend, it is likely that people will continue exploring the world for their vacations, education and even migration. Thus, the chances of masses preferring to travel in their home country over going on vacation abroad seem bleak.

- - *Note: 45 minutes 278 Words*
