**Write about the following topic:**  
**In many countries, paying for things using mobile phone (cellphone) apps is becoming increasingly common.**
**Does this development have more advantages or more disadvantages?**  
*Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.*  
*Write at least 250 words.*



Rapidly advancing technology has brought a revolution in the way payments are made these days. A plethora of digital payment apps has made life simpler with its numerous pros and a few cons that too needs to be taken care of by the users.

The use of digital payment applications on mobile phones has eliminated the much time-consuming activity of standing in long queues to make bill payments like electricity, internet, water, mobile tariffs and in fact everything we can think of. Moreover, continuous research and advancement in information technology has made it possible to design the interface of such apps quite user-friendly, enabling successful payments by just a few clicks and from the comfort of our homes.

Furthermore, many reputed digital payment apps have a strong team of cyber-security specialists to make the transactions secure. Keeping in view the global pandemic situation, the use of such applications to make online payments have become indispensable. Moreover, all major service providers are now offering an option to their customers to make the payments online for their convenience.

With numerous advantages, there are a few challenging concerns as far as the safety of these online transactions and linked bank accounts are concerned. With increasing digitalisation, there are people involved in malicious activities leading to scams. This just requires wide public awareness to choose only reputed platforms for such transactions and a great responsibility to comply the regulations of such digital platforms like not sharing OTPs or bank details with anyone.


In the nutshell, the indispensable need for digital payment platforms in the current scenario has made it essential for all individuals to be well aware and alert in order to take full benefit  of such convenient digital apps.





- *Note: 40 minutes 294 Words*
