**Some students have rented the apartment next to yours. Their parties are upsetting you, your family and other tenants.**

**Write a letter to the owner of the apartment.**

In your letter:  
 - describe the problem
 - explain how the problem is affecting you, your family and other tenants
 - say what you would like the owner of the apartment to do.

Write at least 150 words.   
You do NOT need to write any addresses.  
Begin your letter as follows:   

Dear ... ,  

Dear Sir/Madam,

I am writing to complain about the students who are renting your apartment which is situated next to mine. They invite a large number of people to the apartment almost every evening. The noise level is unacceptable and it continues until early in the morning. What’s more, they persistently leave rubbish in the public areas of the building. Although I have tried to talk to the students, they have been uncooperative and the situation has not improved.

This situation is having a detrimental effect not only on the other occupants of the building, but also on all of my family. I have to get up early to work, and I am constantly tired from lack of sleep.  My son, who has exams soon, is finding it difficult to concentrate at school because he is not getting enough sleep.

I would be grateful if you could talk to the students and convey my concern and remind them of the noise regulations in the block. If the situation does not improve, further action may be required.

I look forward to your cooperation in this matter.

Yours faithfully,

David Johnson
