**You work for an international company, and would like to spend six months working in its head office in another country.**  

**Write a letter to your manager. In your letter**  
 - **explain why you want to work in the company's head office for six months**
 - **say how your work could be done while you are away**
 - **ask for his/her help in arranging in it**

Dear John,  

I have recently come across an announcement on our company's website regarding a job opening for a fixed term of 6 months for a vital project on "Sustainable and Affordable Housing". The project is to be executed at the headquarters of our company at United States. As you are aware, I have always shown a keen interest in the projects related to sustainability aiming to address the alarming concerns related to the environment. I truly feel that this opportunity will be an enriching experience for me. Moreover, the exposure during this journey will play an instrumental role in our future projects in India.  

Keeping in view the urgency of completion of the ongoing project headed by me, I along with my team have already expedited the work and the project is likely to be finished by the end of this month. Also, I have scheduled a meeting with the team to instruct them regarding monitoring of the project post its completion. I am sure, with the support of my capable team, I will be able to coordinate with them online as and when required. So, I kindly request you to make this possible and recommend me to be a part of this experience at the head office.  

Thanking you in anticipation.  

Yours sincerely,  

Y Singh  

*Note: Words 215*
