**You recently organised an all-day meeting for your company, which took place in a local hotel. In their feedback, participants at the meeting said that they liked the hotel, but they were unhappy about the food that was served for lunch.**  
**Write a letter to the manager of the hotel. In your letter**  
- **say what the participants liked about the hotel**
- **explain why they were unhappy about the food**
- **suggest what the manager should do to improve the food in future**  
*Write at least 150 words.*  

Dear Sir or Madam,

I am writing to you to share the experience and feedback of participants at your hotel during our company's all-day meeting which was held last week. All participants appreciated the kind hospitality by the hotel staff. Moreover, the team liked the overall ambience and especially the design of the conference room which is well suited for the purpose and takes care of the acoustics and seating arrangement.

But, unfortunately, almost all the participants expressed their dissatisfaction as far as the meals were concerned. It has been reported by most of the guests that the food was too spicy and oily. Not just this, two of the participants have complained about their upset stomach *(abdominal discomfort)* after having lunch at your hotel.  

As the hotel is approachable and is at a prime location, moreover, keeping in view excellent hospitality by your able staff, we wish to continue conducting our regular conferences and seminars at your premises. I, therefore, advise you to look into this matter and put in efforts to improve the catering facilities.

I am sure, by little efforts towards taking care of the served food as desired by the guests' will enhance the experience at your hotel like nowhere. Looking forward to a good overall experience at your hotel next time.

Yours faithfully,

Y Singh

Words 216 time 25 minutes
