**The system used for rubbish/garbage collection in your local area is not working properly. This is causing problems for you and your neighbours.**  
**Write a letter to the local council. In your letter**  
- **describe how the rubbish collection system is not working properly.**
- **explain how this is affecting you and your neighbours.**
- **suggest what should be done about the problem.**  
*Write at least 150 words.*  

Dear Sir or Madam,

I am writing to you to draw your attention towards the inefficient approach ~~of~~ **to** the domestic waste collection system in Mall Enclave. There are few alarming concerns in regard to the waste collection and disposal system in the locality.

The prime concern of all residents of the locality is the irregularity of the deputed team for the collection of garbage. This usually leads to heaps of rubbish outside each house further leading to the unpleasant and unhygienic site. Moreover, it has been noticed by my many neighbours that the trash collectors have a tendency to combine wet and dry waste despite the fact that the residents dispose of the waste segregated in different bins.

Even after pointing out the deputed team about their less frequent visits and inefficient collection system by the residents repeatedly, all efforts have gone in vain. It is therefore requested to you to kindly intervene and look into the matter. For promoting hygiene and sustainable disposal of waste, we urge that the collection team should visit at least thrice a week and they must ensure segregation of bio-degradable and non-biodegradable waste at the source.

Thanking you in anticipation.

Yours Sincerely,  

Y Singh

*Note:* Words 200 time 28 minutes
