**A friend of your is thinking of going on a camping holiday for the first time this summer. He/She has asked for your advice.**  
**Write a letter to your friend. In your letter**  
- **explain why you think your friend would enjoy a camping holiday**
- **describe some possible disadvantages**
- **say whether you would like to go camping with your friend this summer**  

*Write at least 150 words.*   

Dear David,

It is great to know that you have finally spared some time from your busy schedule to go on a camping vacation this summer. I am sure that you will have an amazing experience at the camp as you are really taking a break after a long time. Moreover, I must say that you have chosen the best season to explore as summers are the best time to experience most of the excursions including water sports.

I would advise you to relish every moment of your holiday. But, said that you must take care of a few things during the trip. Going for a camping holiday demands some extra preparation in addition to what we usually do for a regular vacation. As you will be staying in the tents, there won't be that comfort of the hotel. Do check with your trip planner the facilities that will be available. Depending on the response, don't forget to carry essential items like tents, torch, umbrella, sports shoes, first-aid kit, etc. Also, try to travel light.

I wish I could accompany you on this amazing journey. Due to some prior commitments at work, I won't be able to take an off. I am envious. But, we will definitely plan another trip together in future. If you have any questions in your mind, do feel free to write to me.

Have a great and safe holiday!

Yours lovingly,   
Y Singh  


*Note: 237 words 23 minutes*
