**You have seen an advertisement in an Australian magazine for someone to live with a family for six months and look after their six-year-old child.**  
**Write a letter to the parents. In your letter**  
- **explain why you would like the job**
- **give details of why you would be a suitable person to employ**
- **say how you would spend your free time while you are in Australia**  
   
*Write at least 150 words.*  

Dear Sir or Madam,

I am writing in reference to the advertisement in the local magazine regarding your requirement for a baby sitter who can stay with you for half a year. I have always been fond of children and therefore, I have recently completed my course in nursing and child care. Currently, I am looking for a baby-sitter job.

During my undergraduate studies, I had worked part-time as a care-taker in a local child care centre where I got rich experience of nursing children of age-groups two to ten years. Moreover, I have been giving art and craft tutorials to young children for the last two years. If appointed, besides taking care of your six-year-old child, I would love to teach him or her various skills like painting, craft and sketching.

As I mentioned, I have a fondness for creative activities, therefore, I have also created my YouTube channel where I post my video tutorials on a weekly basis. If I will get an opportunity to stay with your family, I would like to continue developing content for my channel in my free time. For your kind reference, I am attaching my detailed bio-data with this letter.

Hoping for a favourable response.

Yours faithfully,   
Yuvraj Singh


25 minutes 207 words
