**You have just read an article in an international travel magazine which contained some information about your town that is incorrect.**  
**Write a letter to the editor of the magazine. In your letter**  
- **correct the information in the article**
- **explain why it is important for the magazine to give correct information**
- **suggest what the magazine should do about this situations**  

*Write at least 150 words.*   

Dear Sir or Madam,  

I am writing to you in context to an article published in your reputed travel magazine in the issue January 2021. The page number 08 of this issue contains information about my hometown 'Chandigarh'. I was glad to read an article about my city but I came across few inaccuracies which I would like to bring to your notice for necessary amendments.

Firstly, while referring to the famous and reputed university, the Panjab University, Chandigarh, it has been stated that it a 'state university' and was established in '1982'. The stated facts are incorrect. Actually, it is a 'central university' and was established in '1882'. Furthermore, it has been mentioned that the famous Sukhna Lake in Chandigarh has highly been polluted over the years. This is again not the reality anymore. In the past, contamination of the reservoir was observed, but the government took immediate measures to address this issue. Presently, the situation is under control and strict regulations are framed and enforced to ensure cleanliness and the beauty of the lake.

The beautiful city Chandigarh, being the union territory and the capital of the northern Indian states of Punjab and Haryana, is visited by several tourist throughout the year. I, therefore, feel that it is vital to publish correct facts about the town in order to create awareness and encourage tourism.

I request you to declare the errors published in January 2021 issue through your next publication and I would appreciate if another article highlighting more facts and places to visit, besides corrected information is re-published in the next issue.

Thanking you in anticipation.

Yours faithfully,  
Yuvraj Singh



*Note: 271 words, 27 minutes*
