**You recently did a short cookery course. The cookery school has asked for your feedback on this course.**  
**Write a letter to the course director at the cookery school. In your letter**  
- **describe what you enjoyed about the course**
- **say how much cooking you've done since the course**
- **suggest another cookery course you'd like the school to offer**  

*Write at least 150 words.*     

Dear Sir or Madam,

I am writing this letter to share my feedback on the cookery course that I completed last week at your school. I was always interested in cooking and wanted to enhance my skills by joining cookery classes. I could not have found a better place than your cookery school.

The most amazing part of the training was that it gave me a hands-on experience and augmented my culinary skills. I am a huge fan of Italian and Chinese cuisines, and this course made be an expert in it. Moreover, a special class on healthy diet was icing on the cake. Consequently, I am trained at making different kinds of salads and soups. All in all, it was a delightful experience.

Ever since I have completed the training, I have not let my mother to cook. I have started enjoying cooking like never before. I made pasta, pizza, noodles, lemon-coriander soup and much more. Everyone praised and loved the taste. I am extremely glad that I completed this worthy course.

I am looking forward to join baking classes now. I am not good at it and wish to get an expertise. It would be great if you introduce course on baking in your school in coming months. I will be the first student to enrol.

Thank you for providing a great learning  experience.

Yours faithfully,  
Yuvraj Singh

*Note: words 230, 21 minutes*
