**You recently went to a concert and thought one of the singers was very good.**  
**You want to tell him how you feel.**    
**Write a letter to the singer. In your letter**
- **say how you feel about his performance**
- **give details of your musical activities**
- **explain how you would like him to help you with your musical activities**  

*Write at least 150 words.*  

Dear Mr. Jackson,

I am writing this letter to express my feelings and the joy I had at the concert held last week at the 'Blue Night theatre'. I am a huge fan of your band and even though I had a bad day at work, I made sure to attend the concert. And, listening you at the show completely amazed me and helped me to forget all the worries of life.

I have been into music since the age of five. Moreover, I have recently started learning guitar after getting inspired from you. I make sure to practice it every evening. Not just this, I recently came across your YouTube channel. I was thrilled on seeing your performances. Since then, I have been following your videos and they are proving a great help in enhancing my singing skills.

I read an article from where I came to know that you give training lessons on weekends. I eagerly want to be a part of your class and have applied through an online application form. I will be glad if I get the lesson details and venue through mail as soon as possible. Also, I request you to keep uploading more videos on your YouTube channel. I eagerly wait for them.

Thank you for being such an inspiration.

Yours truly,  
Yuvraj Singh

*Note: 221 Words, 15 minutes*
