**A friend of yours is thinking about applying the same course that you did at university. He/She has asked for your advice about studying this subject.**  
**Write a letter to your friend. In your letter**  
- **give details of the course you took at the university.**
- **explain why you recommend the university.**
- **give some advice about how to apply.**  

Dear John,

Hope this letter finds you in the best of your health. I am so glad to hear that you are planning to opt for a graduate program in Project Management. I am sure that this course will open various doors of opportunities for you.

As you know, when I completed my Bachelors in Civil Engineering, I too was apprehensive about joining this course as I already had a job offer in my hand. It took me a lot of courage to take this risk of choosing to go for higher studies over grabbing the job opportunity. But this decision of mine to pursue higher education in Project Management turned things completely in my favour. Moreover, doing this course at the University of British Columbia (UBC) made the experience even more worth.

This two-year program at the university offers various subjects to choose from depending upon one's area of interest. Furthermore, the final term of the course consists of an internship which gives a great learning and practical experience to the students. As far as UBC is concerned, I must say, it has an excellent faculty in the department offering this program. Therefore, I strongly recommend that you should consider taking admission to UBC for this program.

I am attaching the brochure of this course which will give you detailed information about the program. Along with this, you can find a link to the University's website at the bottom of the brochure, where you will have to fill an application form to apply. If you come across any issues while filing an application, I will be glad to help.

Wish you all the very best for this new journey!

Yours lovingly,  
David



- *Note:  30 minutes 283 Words*
