
**You have seen an advertisement from a couple, who live in Australia, for someone to teach their two children your language for a year.**  
**Write a letter to the couple. In your letter**  
- **explain why you think you would be suitable for the job**  
- **say what else you could do for the family**  
- **give your reasons for wanting the job**  


Dear Sir and Madam,

I am writing in reference to the advertisement posted in the local newspaper about your requirement for a tutor to teach Punjabi to your wards for a year. I have migrated to Australia in 2018, before that I was in India. I have a rich experience of teaching secondary level students and in the last two years, I have taught Punjabi to many children of Indians who are settled in Australia.

I understand, Indians in Australia usually worry about their children getting disconnected from their roots. I have a keen interest in Punjabi culture and have a desire to revive it amongst the youth in Australia. Besides giving Punjabi lessons, I can enlighten children about the culture and history of India, so that they remain connected with their origin. Moreover, I am pursuing my Bachelors of Education and have been guiding students in Mathematics and Sciences. In case required, I can occasionally clear their concepts in other subjects as well.

Since I am staying far from my home country, I feel teaching my native language to Indian children here in Australia is the best way for me to remain connected to my culture. I, therefore, feel that I can do justice in giving your children the Punjabi tutorials.

I am attaching my contact number and email address with the letter. I can also provide a two-day free demo class in case you are interested.

I would be glad to serve you.

Yours faithfully,  
Yuvraj Singh

- *Note: 34 minutes 245 Words*
