**You have just come back from a holiday overseas. When you arrived back, you discovered that the airline had lost your suitcase.**   

 Write to the Customer Relations department of the airline.   

 In your letter

 - explain the situation
 - describe the suitcase and its contents
 - say what you want the airline to do  

Write at least 150 words.

You do NOT need to write any addresses.

Begin your letter as follows:



Dear ... ,

Dear Sir/Madam,

I am writing to you to complain about a situation that came to light on my arrival at Sydney Airport yesterday on Flight AZ457.

It appears that my luggage has been misplaced between Fiji, where I was on holiday, and Sydney. Although I understand that luggage can be lost or re-directed, I would like to express my frustration that I was not officially informed and was left waiting at the carousel for my luggage to arrive before being informed of the loss. It took a total of three hours of waiting and filling in forms before I was able to leave the airport.

There were several items of value in the suitcase, not least a certain amount of valuable jewellery and some expensive perfume.  In addition, there were clothes specifically bought for the holiday and certain souvenirs that are of sentimental value, despite being of little monetary value. I enclose a list of items lost, together with an estimate of their value, which I would like to be used as a basis for compensation.

Please contact me as soon as possible, so that we can arrange a satisfactory outcome.

My email address is: gsingh@netscape.com

Yours faithfully,

Gurjeet Singh
